Add note about Fetch Metadata headers on non-secure origins (#44444)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/security/defenses/secure_contexts/index.md

## Potentially trustworthy origins

> A **potentially trustworthy origin** is one that the browser can generally trust to deliver data security, and will therefore (under some circumstances) grant it access to features that are otherwise restricted to secure contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **potentially trustworthy origin** is one that the browser can generally trust to deliver data securely and will therefore (under some circumstances) grant it access to features otherwise restricted to secure contexts.
```

Something seemed a little bit off with the wording...

Reviewer 2: That certainly feels better to me too.

> [!NOTE]
> Firefox 84 and later support `http://localhost` and `http://*.localhost` URLs as trustworthy origins (earlier versions did not, because `localhost` was not guaranteed to map to a local/loopback address).

### Potentially trustworthy URLs

A **potentially trustworthy URL** is one that is from a [potentially trustworthy origin](#potentially_trustworthy_origins), or:

> - whose URL is `about:blank`, `about:srcdoc`, which inherit trustworthiness from their creator's origin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- whose URL is `about:blank` or `about:srcdoc`, both of which inherit trustworthiness from their creator's origin.
```

> - whose scheme is a `blob:` URL, which inherits trustworthiness from its creator's origin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- whose scheme is a `blob:` URL, which inherits trustworthiness from its creator's origin.
```

> - who's scheme is `data:`, where content is inline rather than network-delivered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- whose scheme is `data:`, in which case the content is inline rather than network-delivered.
```

> While potentially trustworthy origins are used to make trust decisions about access to features generally allowed only to secure contexts, potentially trustworthy URLs are used to determine whether a request is allowed to include potentially private data.

Reviewer 2: You'll note that the potentially trusted URLS are used for a completely different purpose than the origins - and probably don't "belong" in this doc on secure contexts. I've added them anyway as they have such overlap of what is covered.

Reviewer: I think this is fine. They logically belong together.

> For example, [Fetch Metadata request headers](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Fetch_metadata_request_header) are only sent in requests to a potentially trustworthy URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, [Fetch Metadata request headers](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Fetch_metadata_request_header) are only sent in requests to potentially trustworthy URLs.
```
